hey guys discussion monster today I'm
going to show you what is that to be
what about Joe's favorite food or at
least one of them this is incredibly
healthy it's quick it's simple and you
kind of just push together things you
already have miscellaneous vegetables
punch on side dishes and proteins
whatever kind you want with just some
drizzle of gochujang of the red pepper
paste and you top it with a sunny-side
egg that's all it is it's very delicious
and filling and feeds a lot of people
and I'll just show you one way I do it
but you can definitely make this your
own here's my lineup of ingredients I
just want to go over them real quick
you'll need eggs to slide on sunny-side
up on top of your hope you move up I
have some deeply fermented kimchi and
it's best to use fermented kimchi when
you're cooking with it with a smudge of
butter to help soften it I'm gonna cook
it off and some rendered rendered bacon
fat you know how much I love my thinking
I'm trying to sneak it in there all the
time and I'm going to eyeball this just
like me and my mama do you but precise
measurements will be found on my blog
with squishy Montcalm so I just have a
little open container of sesame oil some
soy sauce I have some crumbled up
seaweed if you can't find crumbled up
it's the same you just take a sheet and
just crumble yourself in a ziplock bag I
have some meat left over you can use
whatever is leftover or what's on sale
and I'm gonna mix that with the marinade
of the pool okay stuff that I made with
my mom I have a video on that and it's
also gonna be on my blog because I'm
eyeballing things I just have a plate of
garlic and some green onions and some
sesame seeds some shiitake mushrooms I
have some burn break and these are found
ready to eat already in a package at
your Asian market if not you can just
find the dried ones and just rehydrate
them and then I have my Korean Moo
Korean radish and I just put them into
little matchsticks like this but in a
pinch against any kind of radish would
do even a turnip and then I have some
soy bean sprouts not mung beans soy bean
sprouts and some spinach back there that
I'm gonna both just kind of plunge into
some hot water and shop in some ice-cold
water and basically I'm just gonna
blanch them and in details about that
what we found on my blog I didn't think
you'd be very fun to share that part so
it'll be found on my blog and let
get started you guys after I blanched
both veggies I plunge them in ice cold
water just to shock them to retain that
vibrant color and to stop the cooking
process and what I've done to both the
soybean sprouts and the spinach I just
squeezed out any excess water you want
it to be not sopping wet
so there's I'm just add in a little
sprinkle of salt pepper and a drizzle of
sesame oil some garlic some green onions
lots of sesame seeds and then I'm going
to mix it you can do this with your
hands or you can use some gloves you
guys can see that's it and just give
this a nice toss together with your
hands and you can taste periodically
just to see if it needs any more salts
or any more seasoning or anything like
that so this is pretty much done I'm
gonna be the same thing with my spinach
swap bowls here my spinach is right here
take off my gloves for the wild drizzle
in my semi-loyal sprinkling lots of
garlic green onions
Stephanie feed and literally salt and
pepper
this is everything I'm going to saute
that's all that's really left here I
just have my bacon going in this pan
then I the my sushi and my butter to it
and kind of saute it just so I bloom the
flavors and every
so after this are all of you using that
same pin and it'll help flavor
everything else with that smokey bacon
spicy kimchi flavor I'm going to glaze
the bottom of my pan like this and put
it in my most bullion this veggie of all
its gonna splatter so be careful my
garlic of course if the only garlic is
one of those things that makes
everything better and then towards the
end I'm going to put in like the onions
that sprinkle in my sesame seed now and
a little tiny drizzle of sesame or soy
sauce just a little tiny bit same dealio
here glaze the bottom of my pan with the
sesame oil and I'm going to put in my
cream meat or no not communities are my
shiitake mushroom and salts to bring out
and drop some of that moisture out
pepper because you know all the pension
comes up pretty quickly or really
ideally you should just have these
laying around it's just comprised of
leftovers
garlic merger mutton whatever must
remain maybe in water it's plinkus
poison it's a joke everything up to
threats that lightly with a wet paper
towel or like a wash my next class are
my fern breaks and again I'm going to
spiders to be very careful kind of break
it apart with your spoon a spatula a
drizzle in your soy sauce and remember
just be mindful that you don't add too
too much salt to this because everything
has been littered with salt and
seasoning and you know the soy sauce is
very salty just a little tad bit of salt
lots of
and then towards the very ends put any
more green onions but not before you put
in your sesame seeds and since this is
already ready to go you just kind of
want to heat it through and let the
garlic do its thing
do it straw by infusing it with that
nice garlicky flavor you don't have to
cook this like you know until it's mushy
so just give it a quick toss and let it
go for just a couple of minutes last
thing to do is cook off my frugal gear
it's sitting us marinade at this point
for a good thirty minutes or so here are
my plate of goodies I wanted to show you
guys before I dug into it my rice is
just about steamed and I'm gonna fry up
an egg and I'll show you how to make the
sauce here is my Korean radish Moo my
fern break my shiitake mushrooms my
crumbled up roasted seaweed my kimchi
flavored with lots of bacon and butter
and then we have our spinach our soybean
sprouts and up rugal in my bowl here I
just have a spoonful of red pepper paste
gochujang and then I'm gonna drizzle in
my sesame oil sprinkle in my test me
feed just a little kiss of sugar just to
balance out the spicy net spicy bite of
this and give it a nice mix here is my
PB Bob I think that mom and dad are
really gonna enjoy this for dinner
tonight I just laid everything on top to
make Butte
colors on top of my price and there's my
thoughts in a sunny-side egg it's very
important to have a sunny-side egg been
mixed in with everything and the heat of
everything else I kind of continue to
cook the egg it's going to be nice and
creamy and rich I mean you can make this
and personalize this to make your own so
have fun with it when other veggies are
protein you like or whatever you have
playing are out thanks so much for
spending time with me this is fish
monster and I'll see you guys bye